# twothreeplustree
Project done by Jesus Fabian(l3ogio22) & John Marshall(john9570)


ou  will  implement  a  2-3+tree  to  support  the  search  query.   The  data  records  to  be  storedare objects of the classKVPair, where the key is a handle, and the value is another handle.  YourHandle class should be made to support the Comparable interface, and the actual thing that willbe compared is the start position for the string in the memory manager’s array.  In other words,ultimately, the keys for the strings are their locations in the memory manager’s array.  However, tosimplify implementation, we want to avoid storing records with duplicate keys.  So while we use the“key” field when comparing records, if they have the same value in the key (because they refer tothe same artist, or to the same song), we will then use the value of the handle in the value positionof the KVPair to break the tie.  For example, if one record has handle 10 in the key field and andhandle 30 in the value field, while another record has handle 10 in the key field and handle 40 inthe value field, then the first one would appear in list of leaf nodes before the second.Whenever an insert command is called with a song/artist pair, the handles for these two stringswill  then  be  used  to  entertwonew  entries  into  the  2-3+tree.   If  the  artist’s  name  handle  isnamedartistHandleand the song’s name handle is namedsongHandle, then you will cerate andinsert aKVPairobject with theartistHandleas the key and thesongHandleas the value field.You will then create and insert a secondKVPairobject with thesongHandleas the key and theartistHandleas the value field.  However, be sure not to insert a duplicate artist/song record intothe database.  If there already exists aKVPairobject in the 2-3+tree with those same handles,then you will not add the song pair again.When alistcommand is processed, you will first get the handle for the associated string fromthe hash table.  You will then search for that handle in the 2-3+tree and print out all records thathave been found with that key value.When aremovecommand is processed, you will be removing all records associated with a givenartist  or  song  name.   To  (greatly!)   simplify  removing  the  records  from  the  2-3+  tree,  you  willremove them one at a time.  So,  you will search for the first record matching the correspondinghandle for the name that you want to delete, then call the (single record) delete operation on it, andrepeat this process for as long as there is a record matching that handle in the tree.  Also, wheneveryou remove a particular record (say, an artist/song pair), you will immediately after remove thecorresponding song/artist record.  Finally, whenever you remove the last instance of either an artistor a song, you always should remove the associated record from the hash table and the string fromthe memory pool.When  implementing  the  2-3+tree,  all  major  functions  (insert,  delete,  search)  must  be  im-plemented recursively.  You maynotstore a parent pointer for the nodes.  Your nodes must beimplemented  as  a  class  hierarchy  with  a  node  base  class  along  with  leaf  and  internal  node  sub-classes.  Internal nodes store two values (of typeKVPair) and three pointers to the node base class.Leaf nodes store twoKVPairrecords.
